README.md, before:

totp-cli
========

totp-cli is a simple command line application to generate OTP tokens for two
factor authentication using [RFC6238](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6238).  

These are compatible with many popular services such as facebook, github,
google, eve-online, battle.net, etc.

totp-cli fetches your shared key (aka: code) from [pass][pass], generates the
token, outputs it to stdout and copies it to your CLIPBOARD X selection.
Default X selection can be overidden with the PASSWORD_STORE_X_SELECTION
environment variable.

Shared keys should be stored in your pass storage under `2fa/SERVICE/code`,
for example `2fa/github/code`. The add command can be used to add this less
painfully

[pass]: http://www.passwordstore.org/

Usage
-----

    totp SERVICE

For example:

    $ totp generate github
    621787

You don't need to run `totp` from the command line if you just want to paste
the code; you can run if from `dmenu`, or whatever your application launcher
is.

Requirements
------------

 * [pass](http://www.passwordstore.org/)
 * [xclip](http://sourceforge.net/projects/xclip)
 * [python](https://www.python.org/)


Installation
------------

Installation is quite simple:

    $ pip install totp-cli

There is also an [AUR package][aur-package] available for ArchLinux users.

[aur-package]: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/totp-cli/

License
-------

totp-cli is distrbuted under the terms of the ISC license. See LICENSE for
details.

Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Hugo Osvaldo Barrera <hugo@barrera.io>

Commit message:

Document how to customize the token length

README.md, after:

totp-cli
========

totp-cli is a simple command line application to generate OTP tokens for two
factor authentication using [RFC6238](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6238).  

These are compatible with many popular services such as facebook, github,
google, eve-online, battle.net, etc.

totp-cli fetches your shared key (aka: code) from [pass][pass], generates the
token, outputs it to stdout and copies it to your CLIPBOARD X selection.
Default X selection can be overidden with the PASSWORD_STORE_X_SELECTION
environment variable.

Shared keys should be stored in your pass storage under `2fa/SERVICE/code`,
for example `2fa/github/code`. The add command can be used to add this less
painfully

[pass]: http://www.passwordstore.org/

Usage
-----

    totp SERVICE

For example:

    $ totp generate github
    621787

You don't need to run `totp` from the command line if you just want to paste
the code; you can run if from `dmenu`, or whatever your application launcher
is.

About pass entries
------------------

Pass entries are expected to have the TOTP secret in their first line (as
provided by the third party).  
The amount of digits token must have (for example, battle.net uses 8), must be
provided in a separate line, with a format like:

    Digits: 8

For the moment, only customizing the token length is possible.

Requirements
------------

 * [pass](http://www.passwordstore.org/)
 * [xclip](http://sourceforge.net/projects/xclip)
 * [python](https://www.python.org/)


Installation
------------

Installation is quite simple:

    $ pip install totp-cli

There is also an [AUR package][aur-package] available for ArchLinux users.

[aur-package]: https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/totp-cli/

License
-------

totp-cli is distrbuted under the terms of the ISC license. See LICENSE for
details.

Copyright (c) 2014-2016 Hugo Osvaldo Barrera <hugo@barrera.io>
